hey guys and welcome back to aussie
gamer look on today's show I've got a
pretty cool little unboxing so today
we're going to unbox the astro powered
splitter and now for most of you i'm
assuming that you won't actually know
what this is but basically it gives you
the ability to capture in-game audio
from from other people so you voice chat
that sort of thing that you can't really
capture very easily with the xbox one or
the playstation 4 so there are a couple
of ways to do it i know on xbox one
there's been a bit of talk about using
skype and of course there are some cable
options which are pretty damn
complicated but this one is by far the
best and the easiest and certainly the
simplest I've seen so let's say let's
crack it open what I want to do today is
open it up set it up and then give you
guys a how-to guide / than / next video
or two so let's get into it and have a
look so in terms of packaging you know
not a hell of a lot heater unbox so not
all that special but it just says astro
powered splitter bit of details about
the product now i'm in australia this
product believe it or not isn't actually
available here locally in australia it
cost me 45 bucks which is a lot of money
but i believe it only costs about 15 if
you live in the US so kudos to you guys
for that now pretty simple device this
plugs into your controller this plugs
into your headset just here and it's
powered so we're looking for the spot
you put your batteries in here it is
here so take off your astro unit there
put your batteries in which i will do
now nice and easily now batteries don't
come included so you will have to go and
buy your own batteries put your case
back on there it is that that is
essentially the unit now in terms of
setting it up it's really simple all you
have to do is plug this component now
this is a four pole and not sure how
clear that is in the video it's a four
pole adapter there which is essential
that plug straight into your controller
just like that now as you can see here
you've got to
little inputs one of those will go
directly to your headset now I believe
it doesn't really matter which one so
now you can see we have a continuous
loop from the controller through to the
headset now the other side what we want
to do to capture the audio is run it to
your capture device so I've got the
elgato HD 60 so I'm going to use that
and all we want to do here is plug a
standard RCA I think it's an RCA but
basically a three pole connector in from
there straight into the audio input in
your el gato now what that will do is
it'll pick up in game chat it's as
simple as that guys now in the next
video that I put out what I want to do
is just give you guys a clue as to what
it may actually sound like so hang
around for the next video I will have a
link to that in the description down
below and and we'll go from there so one
of the other things I would love to know
is have you guys actually used the the
astro powered splitter is it working for
you or what other methods do you guys
actually use now I'm not a hundred
percent sure if this will actually work
in both the the xbox one and the
PlayStation 4 controller I think it will
because it does look like it fits in the
PlayStation 4 controller pretty damn
well but I'm not a hundred percent sure
so I think we'll we'll investigate both
of those options and give you guys some
feedback in that in another video so if
you've liked today's video please
remember to hit that like button for me
if you're new to the channel don't
forget to subscribe and as always guys
get involved in the conversation via the
comments section down below alright guys
I will see you all in the next video